Hey, good evening family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
It's Diana and Brandon.
So, thank you all for joining us.
We're going to pray tonight and we're just going to seek the Lord and we'll go over some of the things that we talked about—not the last video, but the video before.
I felt like that was...
I told Braden, I said, 'For all the things the Lord showed us, that was a video that you just don't want to just take a quick summary of things; you want to go over it pretty well, you know, with a fine-tooth comb, because of all the things the Lord showed us.
' So, I don't know if there's any of you all that had questions or not, but I guess you can just go ahead and show some of the things that are happening in the news.
Son, I knew you had some articles and things that you were looking at.
So, how do we start?
What do you want to do?
Yeah, do you want to start the video?
Because I have to start when you were praying over malls and you started singing about, 'You got this here.
' Maduro.
Okay, go ahead with Maduro.
Go.
What is that?
Do you have your glasses?
'Trump warns that his days are numbered.
' Oh, you can't show it, can you?
Okay.
'Trump warns Maduro's days are numbered,' just like the Lord showed us.
Remember what the Lord has...
when we've been praying, I saw him like a Gaddafi, like a Saddam, and that he would be overthrown in the days ahead, and that Venezuela would have a major revival; that God was going to visit Venezuela with this, going through South America, and that a major revival would take place all throughout South America.
Venezuela is one of the places where there's been a stronghold of witchcraft and all this darkness over this nation, and the Lord said he was bringing freedom.
Now, do I believe it has everything to do with the drugs and everything?
No.
I believe it has to do with big oil.
I believe it has a lot to do with big oil from what the Lord has shown me concerning the oil derricks and all the major refineries and the things coming.
And so, just like I don't believe that Iraq was weapons of mass destruction—a lot of it, you know, I believe they probably had some, but do I believe it was as much as what we were told?
Probably not.
I believe it had to do with oil also.
But, what is that?
'Maduro says the real reason for Trump's Venezuelan fixation is oil.
' Yeah, so even Maduro believes it, that it has to do with the oil.
And so he believes that the fixation is oil and he's talking about it.
So even the president—or prime minister, whatever he is—the president of Venezuela is even saying that Trump's fixation is oil.
So, you know, and we love President Trump, we pray for him all the time, but he's a businessman.
So, it's a serious situation.
But we know what's coming because the Holy Spirit has warned us.
You know, it's amazing.
All glory to God, ladies and gentlemen, whenever he comes and he tells us way in advance what's going to start coming up in the news weeks later.
And here we are.
We've given these words and the Lord's showing us these things and we've been talking—how long has this been going on?
People say, 'Well, you just came up with this in the last couple days and it's in the news all the time.
' So, of course, it's...
no, no, no.
We've been talking; the Lord has been showing us this stuff since 2023.
Yes.
And I have...
you can go look at my archives.
We even made a video of it, saying all this.
But I'm not like the Lord...
Brandon, you don't have to sit there and try to validate the word; the word will validate itself.
But here is one that I thought was interesting concerning Ukraine.
And this is Don Jr.
at some kind of DHA—what is that?
I don't know.
Forum.
Yeah, it's some kind of...
he's talking and he's taking questions and he's talking about the United States of America.
So, I want you to hear what Don Jr.
says about Ukraine and the things that I've talked about: the corruption, from the Holy Spirit warning us about this.
Now, we're hearing him have an interview, and I believe this interview took place a couple of days ago.
So, go ahead and play that because I like this.
This was pretty interesting to me.
Can you play it?
Yeah.
Okay.
'...
and we were driving around and on an average day 50% of the supercars—the Bugattis, the Ferraris, the this—all had Ukrainian plates.
Do we think that was actually earned in Ukraine?
I'd been to Ukraine 20 years ago.
It wasn't like there was a plethora of wealth there.
And yet you see the number two there getting arrested for stealing hundreds of millions of dollars.
You hear all the rumors about what's going on.
When I see every license plate on a supercar in Monaco being Bugattis—the rich fled.
They let what they believed to be the peasant class fight these wars and there was no incentive to stop because as long as the money train was coming and they were stealing it and no one was auditing anything, the leaders, the decision makers...
there was no reason for them to ever come to peace.
No different than Putin.
It wasn't the sons of oligarchs that were fighting these wars.
It's someone from Siberia that they're sending there, and he utilized the war to rebuild his manufacturing base.
It was very clear that the sanctions that we put on did nothing to actually help.
All it did was jack up the price of oil, which allowed him to basically pay for the war with the delta between the two while building up his manufacturing base.
There was no incentive for anyone to ever get to the table.
Zelensky knew he wouldn't win another election again, and they were continuing to steal.
Putin was building up his manufacturing base, and all we had in the wake was millions of young men dying for nothing.
I mean, obviously, Ukraine has a massive corruption issue and, as you say, they...
it was a far more corrupt country than Russia as delegated by the United States government prior to this war, but then because of the war and because he's one of the great marketers of all times, Zelensky became a borderline deity, especially to the left where he could do no wrong.
He was beyond reproach.
Years of corruption, years of graft and theft on a world stage that everyone in this room knew was happening was totally absolved, and it's ridiculous.
We're not dealing in reality.
' 'But is your hunch that President Trump is going to walk away?
' 'I think he may.
What's good about my father and what's unique about my father is you don't know what he's going to do.
The fact that he's not predictable, he's not following the playbook of every clown who's, again, been a bureaucrat for decades—you don't know.
And so that forces everyone to actually deal in an intellectually honest capacity, which has not happened in far too long.
' 'I want to ask you about Elon Musk because, of course, your company, 1789, is deeply invested in many of Elon's companies.
I mean, speaking of mediation, have you guys played a role in...
we've seen the relationship...
' That's very interesting because it's talking about the corruption...
he's talking about the corruption that we've been talking about on this channel, but the Holy Spirit has warned us about for over a year, well over two years.
And it's amazing that this stuff is coming out in the news now.
Whenever I was shown the private jet and I saw Zelensky trying to flee because he knows his life's in danger.
I saw a firefight and I saw briefcases full of $100 bills and the Lord showed me $100 million cash and the Lord said, 'This is part of the money he's been storing it back, Brandon.
This is part of the things that you're going to see in the days ahead...
a new government being placed in...
' and that's whenever I saw it forked off.
There were two different decisions that could be made, and this is what we are praying into about these major decisions in the spirit realm.
Now, I see in part here.
People say, "Well, don't you know what decision is supposed to be made?
" Well, not what the Lord showed me.
He showed me to pray this way: that there were two different forks—that we could go this way or it was going to go this way.
Now, as an intercessor and as I pray, if the Lord doesn't give me more than that, then I just go by what He shows me.
So, I see the poking of the bear with the Tomahawk missiles.
I saw the United States of America.
I've told you that we give Zelensky Tomahawk missiles.
Somebody does.
I don't know if they're Tomahawks or if they're from someone like France that has these red-tipped missiles, because I said they're red-tipped missiles.
Whatever these are, they are long-range missiles that will hit the Kremlin.
And when they did this, I saw a great escalation of war with a poking of the bear.
When this happened, then I saw, of course, how Putin would act: ballistic.
I saw a forking off.
I saw the puppet strings of Zelensky being cut by the United States of America and by Russia.
They cut the strings.
He was a puppet, a Pinocchio, and his nose was long because he's a liar.
He's a liar.
And the Lord showed me that he was a puppet, a marionette, like a little puppet.
And as he was being played by Macron, who was the puppet master—but it was not Macron.
It was the business suits that were in direct relationship with Satan.
And the devil was talking to these businessmen on how to manipulate the economy and bring forth the beast system for the end times, trying to accelerate this in 2026 for digital IDs and a digital dollar to set this up to ruin the euro and bring forth the brand new system of the end times.
And I told you all a thousand times—it feels like it, though probably not, it's an exaggeration—but the Lord said to me, "Trump is the log in the road.
" And I saw an oak tree that was cut off and laid across the lanes of a highway.
He made everybody stop while he was president.
And the Lord said, "I'm giving you a window of time of now three years and three weeks.
" Three years, three weeks, but whatever it is, until his term is up.
I'm just trying to do the math.
The Lord didn't say I have to...
He told me the time frame.
So now I go back in my mind: how long until the next administration takes over?
So it's me doing the math, which is probably off until his term.
So three years and subtract parts.
Yeah, and so I just subtract it.
So I'm just saying that's how long.
I know that time frame.
I'm giving you that time frame.
It was three years and six months, three years and four months, three more, and it keeps going down.
And so I know the time frame.
What the Lord said is, "I'm giving you a reprieve.
What will you do with the time that I have given you?
" He says it over and over again.
So, here we are in December, and we see all the things that Trump's trying to do.
And so as we were looking into that, I saw this fork in the road and I saw a proxy government, Trump's plan lining up to tell Putin, "Listen, we'll give you...
" I saw a line being drawn from Kyiv all the way down to split Ukraine to give Putin what he wanted to bring an agreement of peace.
So we see Zelensky saying—do you have that article?
—whenever he said, "I'm not going to split the land.
I'm not giving any of the land.
We're willing to fight.
We'll fight this out.
" I gave it to you.
If you don't have it, that's fine.
I'm throwing you off, I'm sorry.
Maybe...
well, I see, it's on the text messages between me and him.
I gave it.
Zelensky says right here, "I'm not giving any of the land up.
The land is not...
I'm not going to do anything as far as...
" so him fighting to stay in power, him fighting to do all the things that the Lord has showed us.
But I saw the line being drawn.
But remember, I saw Zelensky looking over his shoulder, looking at Macron for help.
And then I saw Italy, and I saw all these things about Germany and the other nations in the EU coming to try to come up with a plan outside of Trump.
As Trump was standing on a pedestal and he was cracking his whip toward the bear, he was cracking his whip towards Kim Jong-un.
He was cracking his whip towards China, and they were pausing for a second.
But the Lord said, "They are only pausing, Brandon.
They're not completely being tamed; they're only being delayed for what's coming in the days ahead.
" So, do you have that?
Yeah.
Is that it?
Go ahead.
So, that's what Zelensky is saying right here.
Do you have that?
Are you showing them?
So, he's saying, "I'm not giving you the land.
We're not going to give it to them.
" So, then Putin went and just blew him up with all those drones and all those things, saying, "Okay, well then I'm going to bring it on more.
" So, we see that.
Anything else you want to see?
Show us before I just go into more things than what I was shown.
No more articles?
Nothing?
Yeah, you showed them that.
Okay.
If you want to go over the vision, you're going to have to help me because there's so much about it.
I saw the cruise ships.
I saw the cruise ships sailing through the Caribbean—not the Mediterranean, I'm sorry—the Caribbean cruise ships.
The cruise ships are down by Jamaica and all those areas down there, the Caribbean.
And as they were going, I saw a little speedboat, like one of those black inner-tube boats that looked like something the military would use on a river.
And they were coming up beside the cruise ship, and they had some sticky substance and they slapped this device that looked like a briefcase.
They slapped this thing on the side of a cruise ship.
And as they were going away, they had a remote detonator and they detonated the cruise ship.
I saw Royal Caribbean on the side of the boat.
But the Lord said, "This is not a drug cartel.
This is an act of war from Venezuela for an escalation of things concerning their country.
" They know they cannot defeat the United States military, so they're going to try to attack the economy in retaliation to their leader—in retaliation for not being able to combat war because they don't have anything sophisticated compared to us.
So, I saw cruise ships being a target in the Caribbean, and I saw Royal Caribbean and I saw Carnival Cruise.
It was one ship of Carnival Cruise and then there were several that were Royal Caribbean.
And as they got close to Cuba, they came off of Cuba.
They were harboring them.
There was military, and that's why the Lord said they will make it look like it's a drug cartel, but it is not.
This is an act of war from Venezuela in retaliation to America.
And they said, "If we can't go against their military, then we'll go against their economy.
" So I saw them trying to cripple the cruise industry and all the money trying to come in.
Now, then I saw praying about Disney, Orlando, Florida in particular—praying over Disney and Universal Studios, things like that.
Praying for our major tourist industry down in Florida where people gather a lot.
And I saw strategic plans to infiltrate the security of Mickey Mouse, Magic Kingdom, and such.
So that was important.
I tried to go over that.
Then I saw Elon Musk being blackmailed by mainstream media in the days ahead with major lawsuits.
I saw the EU attacking him mercilessly all throughout Europe.
They start attacking him through 2026, 2027, and 2028 to shut down X, trying to come against him with lawsuit after lawsuit.
This included Canada and Australia in the days ahead.
I saw the far-left trying to come against him for freedom of speech, bringing that into their nation to try to keep him occupied by taking down X.
The Lord warned us about this.
Now people are saying, "Brandon, did you see the news?
" Well, it is in the news that a $160 million lawsuit is coming against them from the EU.
This is the first of many.
I saw all this scandal coming against him because the Lord said specifically that if they can control your media—because they are losing their influence—they have to get a foothold to get a stronghold.
Then they will try to control your food supply and what you are being fed.
I did not mean any offense to the Chinese people because our Chinese channel is watching.
Hello everybody, we love you.
For all you Asians, if you love to eat worm burgers and cricket burgers, it is just not an American Western thing.
I am not trying to be rude to you.
I know we are going to translate this; you are going to be watching this in a day or so.
Braden will have it up for you.
We love you.
If you like that stuff, I am excited for you, but that is not for me.
I do not want to be fake; I am just telling you it is not me.
I am not going to eat a worm burger.
You all said you enjoy your worm burgers, and that is cool for you.
I have talked to people around the world, folks.
I am just being real; I do not want any grasshoppers—deep-fried, sautéed, or chocolate-covered—I do not want it.
They are going to control the food in America in the days ahead.
This was the same thing the Lord was talking about: the chemicals in the food concerning testosterone and estrogen dominance in men's bodies, messing up fertility so you do not have many children.
These fertility issues involve hormones in your foods with GMOs and all the things the Lord has warned us about.
I believe this is why he has been talking about growing your own garden, having your own chicken eggs, and doing things that are self-sustaining because of all the stuff they are putting in our food.
When I brought the bread to you, the Lord said, "Teach them about the bread and what you are doing.
" This is not a home cooking channel, but I will do it.
I am obedient to what he says immediately.
It is amazing; these are the things the Lord is warning the body of Christ about because of the end times where we are, and my people perish for lack of knowledge.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
He sees so far in advance and shows us the enemy's plans.
I told everybody before, it is like if you ever go to Chuck E.
Cheese or one of those whack-a-moles, they have those little things you can hit in the head as they pop up.
You know where that little whack-a-mole is coming up next.
That's what we're doing in prayer: hitting those whack-a-moles in the head with a mallet.
The devil is fixing to stick his head up again, so the Lord is showing us ahead of time and we are putting out the fires before they start.
If you are listening to the Spirit of God in these last days, you are going to know exactly that the whack-a-mole is just by design.
He is here to kill, steal, and destroy.
But we know that God has come that we might have life and life more abundantly.
We are already ahead of the whack-a-mole.
We know his nature; he is going to stick his head up, so I am just going to hit him before he comes up.
I am anticipating him sticking his head up out of the ground, and I am going to knock him in the head.
Let's just knock him down and get points for it.
That is where we are in these end times.
The enemy has a plan, but God has a greater plan.
I saw a big strategy table, and Lucifer was at one end with his demons.
These principalities were surrounding the table, and he was yelling and violent, strategizing and slapping the table with a stick because he said, "This will work.
" He was hitting the table and devising a plan with his demons for how they could try to overthrow and combat the body of Christ.
We know in part and see in part, so we kept praying into that.
The next strategy is that ABC, NBC, CBS, and CNN are losing their foothold.
They are losing their relevancy.
I know I butcher it and Sister Clipboard will come out, but they are losing their relevancy.
Because of this, the Lord said they will come out with a plan for 2026 and 2028 to bring forth more relevancy so they get a foothold back in the media.
They have to have the media to lie to you with fake news because the masses believe the nonsense.
But with alternative media like Elon Musk, the Lord said they will come against him and his finances very hard concerning X.
Mark Zuckerberg was a compliant pushover.
He is a far-leftist, in my opinion.
They would flag your posts like they did with COVID.
The Lord said censoring is coming back in a greater measure, especially in Canada, Australia, any Asian nation, or Europe.
They will say it is unverified and all their other nonsense.
They will censor everything in the days ahead and push their narrative.
Then I saw black swan events coming to keep you occupied.
They want your attention like a horse with blinders.
They will censor you and keep your eyes focused on what they want by coming against this man with frivolous lawsuits.
I'm telling you these big words—Brandon's just simple.
I know Sister Clipboard will come out and tell me, "Brandon, I know what you meant," but they check.
That is what I am trying to tell you all.
Okay, it's very serious what the Lord is saying.
You need to have your eyes open to what the enemy's plan is behind that battle table.
He wants to give you bad food.
The Lord said there will be a plague coming against your beef soon.
There is nothing that will turn into something, and they will slaughter the cows by the tens of thousands.
A cow takes a lot to have a baby; it takes months.
I don't know how many months it takes to have a baby cow, but I think it's like a year or over.
My family raised cows, so what I'm trying to tell you—okay, nine months.
Same as a human, that's interesting.
Still, nine months is a long time if you have to wait nine months to have another baby cow and all the mama cows are gone.
I saw a plague coming from the south; it's coming from Mexico.
There's something coming, but it will be hyped up more than what it should be, and they will slaughter these cows.
I saw a beef shortage other than organic, farm-raised beef.
It was very pricey.
I saw this again in the days ahead.
I don't know if this happens in Trump's term or the next.
That's why it's so important for you to vote.
I'm praying for Don Jr.
to be president.
Honestly, folks, I don't want JD Vance.
I hope Don Jr.
runs; I would vote for him in a heartbeat.
I know JD Vance's heart is not what I believe we see.
I'm not trying to attack the man's character, but I don't believe the true JD Vance has come out like we think.
I think he is not who he says he is behind closed doors as much as I think Don Jr.
is.
I think Marco Rubio—the guy who is the Secretary of State, Rubio, right?
—would be a good running mate or DeSantis.
I think it would be an amazing power team.
I'm believing God that Don Jr.
would throw his hat in the ring and that we could keep the Trump name for 2028.
Ultimately, I'm believing God that Jesus Christ is coming back and it won't matter in the next Shemitah cycle in 2028; they can have America after that.
We're out of here.
But I'm just saying personally, if Jesus tarries, I would love to see Don Jr.
run.
I don't try to get political, but I am tonight.
I'm believing God for Don Jr.
; I think he would be a great president, him and Ron DeSantis, right?
Or Rubio, not JD Vance.
I have a caution.
I pray for him and his vice presidency, but I just have a caution.
I pray for Trump to have greater discernment on who he allows around him and in his cabinet, and the people he allows in foreign nations.
I believe MBS is an evil man.
I believe the man that's over Saudi Arabia and Syria are both of the Muslim Brotherhood and are part of the end-time coalition of people that will bring in the Antichrist.
It's all happening.
I just pray for Trump to know who's a friend and who's a foe and who's playing him just for money.
When you have trillion-dollar deals, there are strings attached.
Do not trust so easily, sir.
Watch who you let in your inner circle just because of a business deal.
I like Don Jr.
; I feel I need to pray for him.
Have I heard prophetically that he'll be president?
No, I saw JD Vance.
But I saw a scandal, and the Lord said, 'A new Watergate will arise in the days ahead concerning the pressure that was on Elon, the pressure to perform, and the Republican party, MAGA.
' But MAGA will have a metamorphosis in the days ahead.
It will not be what MAGA is now; it will evolve.
Then I saw a scandal—a Monica Lewinsky or Marilyn Monroe scandal in the White House—and I heard, 'Impeach, impeach, impeach again' considering all these things that they will leak out of pressure for X.
There was a pressure and he turned into Chuck E.
Cheese.
Elon Musk turned into a rat eating cheese.
He had big ears like Chuck E.
Cheese right here.
He was nibbling it, but the Lord said he is a rat.
People say they want him to get radically saved.
I think it would be amazing to use Starlink for the gospel and spread it around the world, but it will be used for the beast system in the years ahead.
I'm telling you, Starlink in the days ahead will be used for the beast system, same with Neuralink.
That type of technology is a chip and it will be used.
An acceleration of end-time AI events is coming.
The Lord said the dollar is done; it's just buying time right now.
Trump was in a canoe paddling as fast as he could to try to keep it from going over the waterfall edge, but the Lord said he's just buying time.
There's nothing they can do to save America; Jesus is coming, folks.
The beast system is being put into place.
We need to pray for President Trump to have wisdom and a covering of protection.
It is vital for the body of Christ to pray for President Trump now more than ever, that he lives long and finishes strong.
We see that he has a great report from the doctor concerning the MRI.
We've interceded for that over and over—that his veins and his heart and his neck are well—and he had a great MRI.
The doctor said his blood flows great.
I believe that is a result of intercessory prayer; that's not a coincidence.
I'm thankful that his veins are clear.
For anybody his age that eats McDonald's and drinks Diet Cokes to have clear veins at almost 80 years old is a big deal.
McDonald's food is not good for you.
I saw an Arab man with a black turban on his head with white squares, like something you would have to keep cool in a hot climate.
He had this wrapped around his head and he had green fatigues on with cargo pockets.
He looked like military.
He went to the harbor right here.
Do you see him?
He went to this, and the boat looked like an oil tanker-like boat.
There were African-American men who were negotiating, and he gave them cash.
He gave them a wad of money to put this thing on a boat that had biological, the radioactive thing.
The radioactive symbol was on the side of this device that looked like something.
I heard the word when I was praying in the spirit that night: "Dirty.
" Dirty.
And I won't say the other word.
Dirty.
You know they took that boat and they sailed it towards the Cuba area.
When I saw that, it came.
The Lord said it was over by Damascus and Israel, coming through the Jordan area.
I saw a strategic thing taking place up by Bethlehem and up by Damascus, that area.
And the Lord said, "Remember the regrouping.
They're regrouping right now.
They're licking their wounds from all that's happened over the last couple of years.
They're regrouping.
" The Muslim Brotherhood.
Iran is regrouping.
They're getting ready.
And what I saw coming will be worse than October 7th.
It will be worse than October 7th.
And it happens at night when they're asleep.
What else?
I'm trying to remember it all, and the Holy Spirit is helping me.
I have it right here.
And then the Red Dawn is all by design.
It's all to keep you distracted.
The Red Dawn is by design to keep you distracted for the enemy within.
There's an enemy within.
They have infiltrated our nation through the Biden administration.
They had open borders, and the Lord said, "You don't realize how many people came over with bad motives to do bad to your nation.
" I heard one report say that even from Afghanistan, millions of visas and passports were given out during the Biden administration just from the Taliban, after all that drama over there.
Millions of visas, folks.
It is so important that you vote godly.
I'm not saying every Republican is godly, but they stand for good things.
A lot of them do.
And for what I'm telling you, the far-left is thinking to destroy America to bring forth the beast system because I've seen Satan talking directly to some of these major funders—huge—that bring in all the rioting, all the paid demonstrators.
George paid for a lot of it.
Remember the Rockefellers, you know, there's a lot of stuff that the Lord showed—dark things, trafficking—and he kept calling out the trafficking for the child pedophilia rings in this nation and for drug cartels and all the things.
And the Lord said, "This is all connected.
" And it's by design by the devil feeding this demonic spirit that tries to get a stronghold over your nation.
As the church rises up and prays, just like the Bible says, if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we would hear from heaven and he would heal our land.
I believe that's the church's job.
That's why this channel is being raised up right now.
All 5,600 of you right now, we're here tonight.
I'm rehearsing all this because I haven't done a live in a couple of days.
But I'm trying to tell you where we're at, what we're praying over, and what our assignment is to continue to pray as the army of prayer warriors that we are.
We had over 100,000-some-odd people pray all around the world with all the other channels.
And I'm telling you folks, we're making a dent in the kingdom of darkness.
And I believe we're just like icebreakers.
We're just plowing through there.
We occupy until he comes.
And we must do this and pray and seek the Lord like we've never sought him before.
I'm telling you, a great shaking is coming.
You must have your house in order.
You must seek Jesus like you've never sought him before.
You must wake up, church.
As I was driving today and we were running errands, the sun was going down.
The Lord said, "Do you see the sunset?
" He said, "That's where we are in time.
Do you see how beautiful that is?
" Most people are afraid about some of the things you say, but it's from my heart to warn them.
It's not you saying it; it's me.
Stay close to me.
Don't worry, keep relaying, for I don't have many who are speaking the truth.
They're speaking to itching ears.
There's a lot of them that will not share the things that you have.
You've been obedient to me.
As I saw the sun setting, he said, "That's where we are right now, son.
That's where we are.
You're out of time.
" Like the time is out on this day.
You must tell the people that I'm coming.
And as I saw the sunset, it was so beautiful—the red, the orange, and the blue coming over.
And as we were driving in, I was getting ready.
I said, "Oh, that is absolutely gorgeous.
" And he said, "It's good days, folks.
It's good days.
" The church, do you understand?
Even as I tell you First Corinthians 5:5, all these things are taking place.
Your belly's growling.
That's why I know it's really loud.
You've been fasting.
I'm not trying to break your fast, but it is really loud.
Your stomach's going, "I'm hungry.
" I think your stomach is pushing on your backbone.
You're so hungry.
I'm glad you're helping me pray and fast, but eat the smoothie now.
Your body's like, "I need food.
" It's gotten louder and louder.
It's like, "Are you ignoring me?
" I hope that it's not going through the camera, but it's time to break the fast.
You got to eat.
Hallelujah.
It's distracting to me.
I'm trying to focus.
Your stomach's like screaming over there.
It's a funny thing, y'all.
I can't laugh.
I've got to be serious.
Shake it off now.
The joy of the Lord is our strength.
I've got to be serious for these folks.
Don't waste their time here.
I don't know why I'm laughing.
Just take a water break.
Intermission.
All right, let's go.
The Lord showed me a boat full of plantains, but it was a disguise.
The plantains were green.
He said, "plantains.
" They were using the plantains as a disguise.
But as I was shown Cuba, I saw Cuba and the Lord showed me an underground base in Cuba that was military, and Russia was having...
whoever this was was having them...
I'm not going to try to pin anybody down.
That symbol right there was on the side of this.
And as it was being taken down in there, it was being held on their island.
I thought it was very interesting.
And that's what the Lord showed me.
It was black.
It was a black thing and it had wires up on the side and there were red lights.
I could see a red light, and I don't know what that was, but I saw wires and it was all wired, but it looked like a 50-gallon drum.
So, if we go back to what the Lord showed me in the Bermuda Triangle.
Did I skip it?
What were you going to say?
No, you saw red.
What was the red?
There were red islands or something there.
There were red islands that had to do with England.
Drink the smoothie, love.
You're throwing me off, baby.
England.
I saw these islands that were red, and they were faded out.
And the Lord said, "Pay attention to this.
" I saw those islands, and it had to do with England concerning this.
I don't know why.
This is the part that I think is interesting because it's like dominoes, and it's all going in a line.
As I was seeing this, I saw something happen in the Bermuda Triangle that looked massive.
It came up like a tidal wave, and all of the fish died.
It was like rewinding to the fish I saw before, all dead across the water.
Octopuses, whales, sharks, and fish of all kinds by the hundreds of millions.
The sea looked like a litter box of decaying fish.
The island shore had bodies of humans laid up on all the shores in white bags.
They put them on the shore with the fish.
Now, why?
I don't know.
Is this Revelation?
Because I'm seeing more and more into tribulation lately.
The Lord has given me more and more insight into the events of the Word.
I believe with all my heart, as I saw this, the water looked like it was bubbling.
As I was looking at the sky, the sky was on fire.
Something had lit the atmosphere of the world on fire.
It was like when you're watching California and you see the wildfires on TV and the whole sky is on fire.
As I was seeing it, it was everywhere.
It was to the south, to the west, and to the north.
The whole sky was on fire, and there was so much smoke in the air that you could barely see the sun.
It looked like something out of a terrible movie as this was happening.
I could see the sky lit up with this fire.
Folks, I'm going to be real with you.
Usually, when I'm looking into the spirit, I can just 'can it' and put it on a shelf; I don't let it in.
I see a lot.
There are many things I see that, in the natural, would make your flesh a little scared, but it doesn't ever bother me.
People ask, "How do you see all that you see?
" I know how to separate myself from it, and I've developed this over years.
I say, "This is intercessory prayer, and I have to pretend in my mind this is not concerning me or my family.
" I put it on a shelf, you know what I'm saying?
I have to because it's very hard when you're seeing all these dark things and all the stuff that's coming in the future.
So I learned how to separate it, and now the Lord has allowed me to.
But this time, when I was seeing it, it freaked me out.
I'll be real with you.
During that time of prayer, after it was over, I said, "Wow, Diana.
Wow.
I need you to pray for me.
" So she held me on the couch and just interceded until the wee hours of the morning because when that prophetic mantle came on, it was so heavy.
I told her, "I feel such pressure and urgency for the hour we are in.
" Going into the spirit concerning this was so heavy.
It took me hours to come out from underneath it, to the point I even felt it the next day.
Thank God for a praying pastor, huh?
She called and said, "You were on my heart, and I want to let you know I'm just interceding for you all.
I'm praying for you.
" I thought, "Oh, thank you.
Thank you, Jesus, for sending prayer warriors like you all.
" There are people who say, "Brandon, I've been praying for you.
" There are many things I see that are very heavy, carrying this and giving these words.
Like the Lord said today, "Thank you.
Thank you for telling my people what's coming.
" For there are not very many of you being obedient to what I've asked them to do.
They like to give itching words, but Brandon, they're going to be held accountable for it.
But because of this, there'll be great blessing following this, Brandon.
There'll be great blessing.
" And I'm like, "Okay, Father, I'll keep standing and saying what you tell me to say.
" Even family is saying, "Brandon, you don't need to say this stuff.
You need to turn your YouTube channel off.
You need to stop saying this.
Your life's in danger.
You've got to shut up," and all this stuff.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, hold on a minute.
You let those texts and that stuff in; they mean well, they're just family, but they don't realize they're just like when Peter said, 'Be it far from you, Lord, you don't want to die on the cross.
' He said, 'Get thee behind me, Satan, you're an offense unto me.
' He said the same thing: 'Son, you stand up for what I've told you to do.
It's not always going to be easy, and people are not always going to agree with what I told you to do, even family.
You're going to stand there.
' And he said, 'Brandon, if I warned you about Trump's ear...
if I warned you about the list for Pam Bondi and I warn you about all these things and you keep coming on and warning the people and it's accurate, how much more will I protect you, son?
I'll tell you that which is to come if you keep close to me.
Stay on the branch, son.
I am the vine.
Be a flourishing vine.
Many of the prophetic people right now used to be on the branch, but they were trimmed back.
" They have words because a part of the vine doesn't die immediately.
It takes days and time.
But the more you're separated from the source, there is death in it.
And he said, "Many of my ministers right now are the vine, but they've been pruned away from the main source.
They're not hearing me.
They're not staying close to me.
They're Lot in Sodom and Gomorrah.
" And they don't even realize it.
They've become too accustomed to being in Sodom and Gomorrah.
They don't realize they've been cut off from the source.
Abraham was the only one that knew.
God didn't come to Lot; God had Abraham interceding for Lot.
"Stay on the mountain.
Don't go down into the midst of Sodom and Gomorrah, son.
Stay because there are many of my ministers that have been planted in the midst of that and they've been cut off from the branch.
They don't even realize it.
Their eyes have become dim and their ears have become deaf to the things I'm trying to tell them.
They're so used to yesteryear's word and they're trying to be telephone, and the more it goes down the line, you started out with 'Jesus is coming' and they say, 'Oh, he's not coming for years.
' Because they've heard it and it's been transferred; they didn't hear it from the source.
They're not hearing it from the true source.
They're hearing it by ChatGPT.
They're hearing it by the preacher that's lukewarm on the internet and they're listening to YouTube.
They're not hearing it from me anymore.
They're hearing it from a source that's been cut off just like them.
They're not on the branch.
They're not close to me.
They don't know the danger of the hour.
They don't know.
Many of the prophetic people are just like it was in Jeremiah's time.
" Son, remember this: you must abide in me.
You must stay on, and no matter how many people say you have to shut your YouTube channel down—'You're in danger,' 'You've got to do all these things'—the Lord said that's offensive.
If I took care of Elijah, if I took care of David, if I took care of Moses when he stood before Pharaoh and told him judgment was coming to the land, Pharaoh could have killed him right there, taken his head straight off, but I would not allow him to do it.
He could have killed Moses in an instant, and Aaron could have killed them all, wiped them all out.
They're standing before me.
He's rebellious.
I'm the Pharaoh.
But God wouldn't allow it.
There was a hedge of protection around Moses as he stood before Pharaoh.
Have you ever thought about that?
Why would Pharaoh not just wipe Moses off the face of the earth right there?
He could have, but God wouldn't allow it.
And the Lord said the same thing to me.
He said, 'Brandon, as long as you stand right with me, I'll protect you.
I'll put a shield and a buckler around you.
I've got you, boy.
Don't you worry about the world.
You are mine.
You're my beloved.
Stay the course and speak the things that I've told you to say.
Warn my people that I'm coming and I've got your back.
' I argued back, 'Lord, but all your disciples, they died terrible deaths.
They all died.
' He said, 'Brandon, I've got you.
' I asked, 'What happened to Peter?
' because that's where my mind goes as the enemy says, 'Well, what about all the others?
' I remember Stephen, because your mind tries to tilt that way.
But as for me, I give my life to him.
Even when it's not easy, your flesh tries to squirm like a worm when you give these kind of words and you're the only one giving them on the internet.
You have a lot of people that try to parrot a little bit; they'll touch a little bit of it, but they won't touch a lot.
And then there are ones on there just telling you sugar.
The Lord said, 'That is false.
You're not in a sugar season.
This is not a sugar season.
I told you great blessing would come on the 1%.
Who is in line for the 1% of the body?
That's not a very big percentage for the wealth transfer.
For the ones that will walk in the extravagant wealth to transfer this gospel, 1% isn't much.
' Many people say, 'I'm qualified,' and the Lord says they aren't qualified.
They don't know me and I don't know them.
But you say you're qualified.
He said many of you think you are.
Many of them do because they've fallen in line with the prophetic words about crypto and they invest all they have—their inheritance and everything they've got—into XRP because you got a word from God on the internet.
He said, 'They didn't hear me.
' They don't know when to pull it, when not to, when to fold them, when to hold them, when to walk away and when to run.
You'd better count your money when you're sitting at the table; there'll be time enough to count it when the dealing's done.
That's the truth.
You've got to know when to hold them, Kenny Rogers.
Know when to fold them.
There you go.
It's not funny; that's where we are right now.
He said there'll be great shakeouts and fakeouts, and that's why I keep trying to give you what I pray about concerning watching Don Jr.
and these things.
But like I always say, I'm not a financial adviser.
I can miss it.
I can flat miss it.
I'm human.
What kind of person would you be if you don't hear it for yourself?
Never follow a prophetic voice on investment advice unless you hear it for yourself.
You have the Holy Ghost down inside of you.
I'm telling you, I talked to other prophetic people and they said, 'Well, this is what I hear.
' Okay, so I wait.
I say, 'That doesn't sound right to me in my ear.
' So I go, 'Okay, well, that's for you; it's not for me.
' We talk to some big people now, and I go, 'Do you think they're hearing God?
' I don't know, babe.
That's kind of interesting.
Let's just wait out and see what the Holy Spirit tells us.
I don't go by what they say.
Never.
You have the Holy Ghost inside of you to lead you into all truth and all things.
You don't need me; you don't need anybody on YouTube.
You need to follow Jesus Christ with all your heart, and he will lead you into all things that you need to know.
I'm just here to lead prayer.
I try to tell people all the time, I don't believe I'm prophetic; I believe I'm a watchman.
Then I find out from studying that a watchman is prophetic.
I just try to stay away from titles.
There's so much charismatic flakiness with titles.
I stay on the vine with him, stay on the branch with him.
I just want to be a branch that is flourishing.
I just want him to look at me and say, 'You did it, boy.
' I'm just staying close to Jesus Christ.
There are so many people saying, 'I'm prophet so-and-so' or 'I'm apostle so-and-so.
' I honor the five-fold ministry—I believe in it with all my heart—but I just stay close to Jesus.
I want to be a light, shining bright everywhere I go, making music for the people.
I want Jesus to shine bright in me.
And the Lord told me, 'Brandon, the next phase of your ministry is about to take off and you're not going to be known for this anymore.
This is going to be something that fades away, and the next phase will be something with the healings and the things that the Lord's told us to do.
' I don't know when that's going to be, but we keep pressing into it.
I want to be a part of the greatest revival this world has ever seen, and I want you to be a part of that.
I want you to be the salt because there are people that you can reach that I can't.
It's like coming across people working on my air conditioner or heater.
You just want to shine bright for people because you know there's someone out there who doesn't know Jesus Christ.
I'm not super religious; we're the most unreligious people you've ever met.
I'm into relationship.
I dropped something on my toe and I dropped a bad word, and I was embarrassed.
I had to apologize, and I even told my pastors, 'I messed up.
Brandon had a big flesh fart and just freaked out.
' You might say, 'Oh, Brandon, wouldn't you be over that?
' No.
The dead man got up out of the grave, and I had to go and make sure he was dead after that.
We all have issues.
We all overcome stuff and come short of the glory.
People always say, 'You should be further along than that.
' I don't know how much further along I should be.
Who is a better example for me to follow than Jesus Christ?
And he's perfect.
I've been told I need a mentor.
Show me a mentor that's lined up to try to mentor me.
Nobody.
There are a lot of fatherless children out there—spiritual orphans—because there aren't many elders who take the time to pour into the younger generation.
You'll get texts from some folks every once in a while, but 99% of the time, you're on your own, and that's just the Holy Ghost.
So, I don't know where I'm supposed to be right now.
The Lord said, "You're offering 25% of what I have for you.
" I said, "Well, I'm doing the best I can because I'm trying to stay as close as I can to you.
I sit in your lap as much as I can and I follow you.
" So, you know, it is what it is.
You got what you got.
It's just raw.
We're just real up here, and I ain't here to try to impress you or entertain you.
So, if you don't like it, go watch somebody else; I don't care.
The other part was the Lord said to go back to what you need to say: "Brandon, you went too far off trail.
Like a squirrel, go pull back over here, boy.
" But he said to watch YouTube because they'll really try to censor and demonetize paid channels for speaking out against anything far-left and things like prophetic channels.
They'll try to sway the Super Thanks and say, "Listen, you say what we want you to say or you ain't saying it on this channel; you can't receive those anymore.
" And I said, "Bye-bye, Felicia.
I don't care.
You ain't going to manipulate me about any money.
I came with nothing and I'll leave with nothing.
I don't care.
Jesus Christ is my provider.
" And the way I look at it is if that's your only motive anyway, then it ain't God anyway.
And that's why the Lord said, "Raise people up, Rene.
You listen and pray and let them hear the Holy Ghost.
Teach them how to pray.
Teach them how to hear me because they're not being taught in the church.
Teach them how to hear me, Brandon, to draw close to me because the seeker-friendly skinny jeans and fog machine churches are there to give you a 30-minute watered-down message, make sure they take up their offering, give you some kind of porridge, and then send you on your way so you come back the next week anemic and barely crawling in there, going, 'How am I going to fight the devil?
' And you're dying spiritually because you got a bunch of seeker-friendly churches.
And the Lord said, 'Teach them, Brandon.
' I said, 'Well, I'll do the best I can.
' I can't even—some of these messages I heard, I go, 'How are they even making it?
' If we didn't know what we know, folks, I don't know how we would make it.
I can assure you we wouldn't be married if we didn't know the Holy Ghost like we do.
It takes oomph to stay married in these end times, especially fighting against the devil like we do.
We're going to win the victory, but it's spiritual warfare.
It's standing in the finished work of Jesus Christ, knowing that he's already paid the price, but staying in that place of victory, staying in the covenant, knowing who you are, walking by faith, living by faith, teaching your kids how to live by faith, and standing on the word.
It's the main thing that the Lord told us about it.
He said, 'I want you to get the Battlefield of the Mind and I want you to memorize that and get it down inside of you even more for what's coming in the days ahead.
' So we got the book 'Battlefield of the Mind' and we're reading it and going over it over and over because that's what the Lord instructed us.
Obviously, we need some polish in there.
So we go in and we start reading it and I go, 'Hey, this is good.
' Everybody said, 'Well, you're for this or you're for that?
' I'm just for anything that gets me to go from glory to glory.
From whatever minister has it and it's life and it brings life to my spirit, I'm going to listen to it and I'm going to feed on it.
I'll take that.
It's like Brother Hagin used to say all the time, 'You eat the hay and you spit out the sticks.
' Not everything is always going to be good on everybody, but you eat the hay and you spit out the sticks, and there's a lot of good hay there.
And the ones that learn how to do that will thrive.
Everybody's always like, 'Well, you know, Joe's this, and I don't like this minister over here, and I don't like this.
' Eat the hay, spit out the sticks, but always stay on God's side and pray for your brother in Christ regardless of whether you like who they are or who they're not.
I don't try to go, 'Well, I don't like Kenneth Copeland; you shouldn't mention him on your broadcast; you shouldn't mention Jesse.
' Eat the hay of what you like and spit out the sticks.
There's always something good you can find in each one of our ministries.
Stop being against them.
People say, 'Well, you shouldn't accept the Catholics; you should tell them they're this and that.
' I said they're part of the body and I want them here.
They're praying with me, and if they get something from me that gleans to them to make them go higher, I'm not here to try to be against anybody's religion.
Now, I'm going to tell you this: I stand with the charismatics and the Pentecostals—that's who we are, non-denominational—and that's the vein we flow down.
But I'm excited you're here.
And I want you to always know I stand with Israel.
I pray for Israel.
I stand with the peace of Jerusalem.
I don't believe in replacement theology.
I believe in the Rapture; I believe it with all my heart.
I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
I believe in speaking in tongues; I believe it's for everybody.
I don't believe in purgatory.
I don't believe in praying to a priest; I believe in talking to Jesus personally.
I don't believe in Mormonism.
I don't believe in Jehovah's Witnessism.
I don't understand all that stuff.
I know that I believe it's an occult from what the Lord has shown me.
But I tell you what I hear the Holy Ghost say.
He's bringing a great revival to the Jehovah's Witnesses.
And he said he's going to change some false doctrine.
And he said, 'I'm bringing a great revival to the youth of the Catholic Church.
' So I just go with what he says.
That's why people get really upset about all the different denominations and the different tents.
The Church of Christ doesn't believe in playing music; they believe in harmonizing.
They don't want to play certain songs and probably some of them don't want to watch me.
But the Baptists get upset about things too and they say, 'Once saved, always saved.
' I don't believe that at all.
I believe you can fall away and turn your back on the Lord and go straight to hell.
I don't believe in 'once saved, always saved' at all.
That's what the prodigal son is.
It's a type and shadow metaphor, right?
The parable is beautiful.
But I believe there's a lot of prodigals out there.
And I believe there's even preachers that are prodigals behind the pulpits who have lost their saltiness and they've lost who they are because of man and mammon, and they are backslidden and they have the greatest opportunity to go to hell too.
They've got to come back to the Father and preach the Father's heart or just sit down altogether.
That's my two cents.
You saw around Syria?
Yeah, I brought that up already.
There's a terrorist attack coming there.
You saw him go to the mountains.
Yeah, he went to the bunker.
He tries to flee because he knows his life is in danger.
Zelensky, that was with the two.
I saw a splitting.
I saw that Putin wants back the old Russia.
He wants Poland.
He wants Romania.
He wants all of Ukraine.
He wants all these nations back.
You saw a sliver at the edge of Venezuela?
That's where America invades and sets up a base.
I saw a red sliver at the top and eventually I saw America with a proxy government similar to how we have a base in Iraq.
We would set up camp in Venezuela, and I saw a major place in Venezuela that was occupied to bring peace and stability.
So, is that good?
It's been an hour.
I've talked way too long, but I haven't been here in a while, so I guess you all have nothing else to do.
If you want to leave, leave, but there you go.
Do you want to pray?
Who wants to tubing?
What we'll do is pray and take communion.
I was listening to this old song.
Now, I love old Black choir music; I love it.
It's from A.
A.
Allen; it's my favorite.
I'll show you what I was listening to.
I can't play a lot of it because YouTube gets mad at me, but maybe I could because it's such an old song.
'God Turned'—no, not that one.
'Hebrews One.
' Sing.
Here he goes.
I listen to a lot of A.
A.
Allen's stuff, his old stuff.
I like to go back to the old wells and see what they had.
What was it?
Brandon, you've just got to turn the switch on.
Do you understand?
It's already on.
Lord, have mercy.
Have mercy on me.
I love that.
Oh, Lord, have mercy.
I can't wait until it comes back: old tent meetings and tent revival.
It's coming, y'all.
I keep seeing the visions.
When I am calling, 'Lord,' and I am calling, 'Lord,' have mercy on me.
And then he gives an altar call.
Oh, Lord, have mercy on me.
I felt the Holy Ghost on that.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Oh, Father, we thank you that you had mercy on us.
Every single one of us has had mercy, for you said no one comes to the Father unless He draws you.
And I'm so thankful that you turned your head towards me and you said, 'Brandon, I want you to speak for me.
I want you to say things that are coming.
' Oh, what an honor it is, Father, to stand in the office of what you've told me to do with this channel.
God, you're so good to us.
You're so merciful.
For Father, we have all sinned and come short of the glory.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've said, 'My grace is sufficient for you.
' It's more than enough, Brandon.
I'm your great protector and I'm your great provider.
And lo, unto the end of the earth, I'll be with you always if you just stay on the branch.
If you stay on the vine—He is the vine.
I said it backwards again.
Thank you, Father.
Apart from you, we can do nothing.
We stay on that—we're all growing, being more and more like you.
Even whenever we mess things up and say it backwards, it's just me, Brandon, y'all.
It's so amazing because the Lord says, 'Brandon, you say things wrong.
' I said, 'I know.
' He said, 'You said it right in your heart.
' Yeah, I say it right in my heart all the time.
Thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
Apart from you, we can do nothing.
We're so grateful for the body; we're grateful for the blood.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
We take the body, Father, and we just sit up in your throne.
We cuddle up in your lap, Father, and we thank you for all that you've done.
Amen.
We take the blood, and we thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Father, we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that you forgive us of our sins.
We are washed in the precious blood; no weapon formed against us will prosper.
Father, that we stay on that vine.
We stay on that branch.
I'll say it right: stay on the vine.
We stay on the vine; we're the branch.
We are the branch; He is the vine.
That's what He said inside of my heart.
If you stay on there and you don't detach yourself, you're going to have much life.
We plead the blood over us, Father, that we hear you uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes that Father, if there's anything you want to show us, we see it uninterrupted and unhindered as we come up before you boldly in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Did I have a lot of clipboards out there tonight after that?
I'm sure I had a ton.
I'm sure I had Sister Clipboard all freaking out over that one.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you said it backwards.
' I said, 'I did, did I?
' I was sitting there praying and he spoke, and I said, 'Sister Clipboard, she's going to freak out.
' I'll have email after email: 'Oh God, he's messed up again.
You knew he didn't hear it right.
' Yes, I did.
I messed things up.
I overcome.
He's so good and He can use anyone.
Isn't it amazing?
If God can use me, He can use anybody.
If God can use Brandon in these end times, folks, He could use you, too.
Because as much as I have had learning problems and go through the things I have, for somebody that's had the education that I've had, if He can tilt His hat towards me and say, 'Brandon, I can use you,' that could give you a lot of confidence tonight.
I told Diana, 'Just think of what He can do with you.
' If God can use Brandon, you ought to be of good courage tonight.
You say, 'Wow, if that man can be used and talk to millions of people, how much more can God use me?
' You should be very encouraged because He can use anybody.
Father, I thank you for all that you've done.
We humble ourselves before you, Father, and we just thank you, Lord, that you're our friend.
We sit at your feet and we say, 'Oh Lord, have mercy on me.
' I feel His presence so strong, and I don't know what to do a lot of times.
Isabel, Lord, bless her tonight.
Give her strength.
Thank you, Father.
We come boldly before your throne.
We know how close we are to the end.
But Father, if there's anything we can do to help you tonight, we just sit right at your feet.
We pray over the economy and over all the things that you showed us.
Oh, from glory to glory.
Jesus, I just thank you, Lord, for what I see.
I see a woman and she is dressed in a beautiful gown.
As she is dressed in this beautiful gown, she has like a little tutu and she is dancing before the Father.
As I was worshiping and singing, there was a beautiful dance being displayed before the Father.
I could see Jesus as a loving Father.
He was taking that girl, like a father would playing with his daughter, and he was spinning her by the hand as she was doing a dance before the Father.
I saw this, but there were clouds all around and a beautiful scenery of the sun shining; it was the glory of the Lord from the throne.
It was a beam of light piercing through the clouds like this.
It was parting from the throne, a direct beam of light like you would see from the sun, but it was not the sun because of the way it was on the throne.
There was a cloud bank and Jesus was sitting there.
This woman, like the bride, was in a tutu with a white gown, and she was wearing a crown and had little ballerina shoes on as she was dancing.
That was what I saw right then.
It was very beautiful and peaceful, and I was thinking, 'What is this?
' I was hearing another song: 'Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy.
' Jesus, you're worthy.
Father, we worship you.
Just at your feet in this beautiful holiday Christmas season, we just magnify you and we glorify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name, Father.
We worship you.
We have work to do now.
We're seated there; I can feel it.
We're there and we can talk to Dad all we want.
Now I go up there and we just say it.
We're polite when we walk in, though.
We don't barge into the house.
It's like you knock even at your own mom and dad's house after you've moved out.
You don't just bust open the door.
You knock, 'Hey, Mom, Dad, I'm here.
' It's polite.
You don't disrespect.
But some people just barge on in and start going through the refrigerator.
I'm sure that's okay with God, but I try to always be respectful when I go in.
Even if I just knock, I might say, 'What you got in the fridge?
I'm hungry,' or at Grandma's house, 'Got cookies?
' or milk.
That relationship with your heavenly Father is so personal.
Every time, he says, 'Oh Brandon, welcome.
' I can hear him when he says it, 'Welcome back.
How are you doing today?
' 'Boy, it was rough,' or, 'Man, it wasn't too bad today.
Everything was good.
' Either way, you just come real.
I say, 'Oh, Father, how are things going?
Thank you, Lord, that you're here for me and you're always taking care of me.
' I don't have anything on my heart to talk about regarding my problems because you know what I need before I even ask.
So, Father, I just want to take the time to worship you, singing a song.
No matter what it is, thank you, Father, that you can use anybody.
If you could use us to do something big, to make an imprint in this world for you, we leave our mark for you.
We give all the glory to you to help spread your word throughout the whole world.
You said that then the end would come.
I'm so excited that soon we'll be with you forever.
We're almost there.
We just have a little bit more work to do and we're almost through.
Well, there's never a hurry with you.
You're never in a panic.
You're always so stable.
I've never ever heard you really angry.
I've heard you frustrated—seeming, in my natural perception, probably annoyed—but even then, you are so even in correction.
In these last days, I thank you, Lord, that I'm on the right side of it.
You say you correct those that you love.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are on the right side of things to help you with the harvest that is about to take place on this earth.
Every single one of us, all 6,600 of us, Father, we're on the right side of it.
Oh, Father, we love you tonight.
My heart is to pray for the revival.
My heart is to pray for the tent revivals.
I see it right now.
You show it to me.
I see tents filled with people in modern days.
The old tent meetings are coming back.
brush arbor churches are coming back.
Stadiums filled with people are coming back, just like it was at Charlie's funeral.
Massive amounts of people coming.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the President is saved tonight.
I pray over him and over his family and over this Christmas season that he is refreshed, and over his granddaughter, Kai.
We thank you, Lord, for your supernatural protection over her and over Don Jr.
, that he would run for President and that you'd give him the character to hold it and he'd be fine.
Father, you're just looking for someone that has a heart for you—not people that are fake, who say one thing and are not who they are inside.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you are cleaning up the church and cleaning up politics.
I thank you, Lord, that the truth will be revealed sooner than later.
People will not be blinded by sharp suits and egos or maybe a good speech, but Father, they would be able to see through all of the political drama.
For you said 2026 will be a year of political theater and we'll be able to decipher and discern all the political theater.
It's interesting because I just feel peace.
It's awkward having silent time over a camera, but I can feel it.
It's like basking in his presence.
If you just take a drink, all this other stuff doesn't matter.
It's like I say: 'I come to the garden alone where the dew is still on the roses, and the voice I hear, drawing me near, the Son of God discloses.
' And he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
I love that song because that's exactly right.
He walks with me and he talks with me as I go through the garden alone and the dew is still on the roses.
That's why you seek him early.
There's something about praying so late when you push over into the night.
The third watch is very active.
There's something so precious about the third watch.
We trust in you.
We're going to Rome.
The earthquake—I see the earthquake again.
It splits Italy.
From ocean to ocean, it splits.
I'm talking about a deep earthquake.
It shakes the Vatican and Italy.
Remember, I told you I saw structures being damaged in the Vatican.
It will be a sign.
This noise is coming; I feel it so hard.
It's in my ears.
A new Edward Snowden and a new leak are coming.
A great shaking is coming to the Vatican, the Catholic Church, and throughout Europe.
I see veins coming off the Vatican, spreading like spider veins on a leg.
They go up into France.
I see Notre Dame.
These are underground veins.
As they reach the main point, they spring out into little veins representing small churches, main cathedrals, and gatherings—like the stars of a firework spreading from the source.
This will be a shaking in Europe.
As it goes down to South America, another trail spreads over Mexico, bringing an exposure of what you have seen in the past.
There will be more uncovering from the past with a new Snowden concerning the Catholic Church—an uncovering of underground tentacles and a cleansing.
You think what will come in 2026 is just about the charismatic and seeker-friendlies?
I am cleansing my church, my whole bride, which does not belong to one denomination.
I am bringing them all to my side for a cleansing in every arena, tribe, and tongue.
This relates to 1 Corinthians 5:5.
It is not just one denomination or one tent; you must think bigger.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
It is all tents.
A great exposing, cleaning, and sifting are coming.
A great revival will be known, and great new leaders will rise up.
I see a cleansing of what was like an infected war wound.
You've taken a garment to hide it from the enemy, but they know because of the stench.
You think you're hiding the rot, but the infection is deep.
This includes the Vatican; it has tentacled out.
You try to bury it, but there is a war wound on the side, and even with a garment hiding it, it stinks.
There's a stench in the spirit.
The Lord says that to have healthy life, you must cut out the stench and sew it up.
You must fix, cleanse, and purify it.
You can't sew up an infected wound or ignore it, because it will eventually kill you.
A new Edward Snowden, a white man, will come on the scene.
A shaking to awaken.
I remember seeing a black swan event where the Vatican was on fire, trying to bring reverence back to it because they are losing the younger generation.
With this exposure, people flee.
They try to draw reverence because they are losing their status, like celebrities who do something stupid to stay in the media.
People are picketing in America and Europe.
They are protesting.
It will make Epstein's list look like a picnic or a child's playground.
This is much darker than Epstein's list, which is a distraction to the real list.
The Lord says this has been going on for generations, and the infection is deeper than you realize.
It is a stench before me.
This is what I warned you about—the stench before my throne.
Child pedophilia involving politics, sports figures, and big ministers will make Epstein's list look like an afternoon picnic.
A new Edward Snowden is coming—a leaker or a hacker.
I see that prince again whose title was stripped away.
It will be a great, embarrassing day.
I see a demon that looks like a big bat; it goes into the United States and Canada.
More is to come.
You will begin to see this across multiple continents, into Africa, and the Philippines.
In the islands, hurry.
I see a paper trail of secret reports that never made it out.
Many complaints were filed.
I see a file cabinet with stacks of documented complaints that were buried.
Documented is the word I'm hearing: documented complaints.
And it goes for decades.
This is not just our generation.
This is decades.
I'm talking clear back a hundred years—many years.
But it goes out like tentacles.
It all comes back to the source.
And as a firework goes like this, it spreads all over.
Complaints from all over come back to the main source, but it starts with the little ones and spreads to the big ones.
It's a spirit, a demon that looks like a bat.
And this bat is a massive dragon with wings that spread out so wide.
It has massive black wings that look like dragon wings, with a dragon face and a streak of yellow that looks like armor on the breastplate with cream color.
It goes yellow-creamish and fades into a purple that goes straight into dark black.
The face has lavender, black, and dark purple on this dragon's face with wings that spread out.
It has claws on the ends of its wings, and it was over Europe and Romania—that area—all the way to the Vatican.
It's stationed toward the east and facing toward the west.
So, it's symbolic.
The Lord is trying to tell you about the files, you know.
We have to write it down, like in the margins.
The file cabinets are gray with manila folders like that.
You can see the dates of the years, and each one lines the hall.
So it will be, and you will see that there is an uncovering; a leak will begin to leak.
I see a dam and a crack in the dam of information.
There's a crack and a leak, and the leak will begin to speak.
The leak will begin to speak—a new Edward Snowden.
Hallelujah.
Motion, emotion.
It's best to keep this open.
That's what He's saying: it's best to keep this open.
Don't ignore it.
That's what this person is saying.
It's best to keep it open.
It's close to the person's heart because it happened to someone he loved.
He's reacting because of someone he loved; it's not out of malice or revenge, but out of grief and sorrow.
Embarrassment.
I hear the word embarrassment—humiliated.
Echoes inside of this.
The pain inside echoes.
It's hard to bear this.
Hurry, he's running out of time.
There's more to know.
Save the See.
I don't know if I should say what I'm saying.
It's quite disgusting.
Is it concerning the leaker?
Is it that the person is in Europe?
No.
Be still.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood.
Ladies and gentlemen, people are just people.
There's a demon behind this to ruin the innocence of children.
It's a demonic spirit that craves this.
It's the trafficking, the tunnels, the lights in the tunnels.
There's much more to this.
This has been going on for a long time.
It's sickening.
In every denomination, there's something going on.
It's a demonic spirit.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood.
When people get in power, if they don't stay in the Word and separate themselves, it becomes religious.
It's the Pharisees.
It's not about relationship; it becomes works to some folks.
So you preach behind a pulpit and do these things, but there's no true relationship with Him.
That's why the Lord remembered earlier: there are people in the pulpit who have backslidden and are on their way to hell, thinking they're right when they're not.
And you say, 'Well, how is that possible, Brandon?
' I don't believe in once saved, always saved, and neither does the Lord.
This was heavy tonight.
Thank God for the refreshing at the start before He showed me this, because it really bothers me.
Thank You, Father, for the refreshing at the start.
I knew this.
I was asking, 'What do You have?
What's fixing to happen?
' And when I see this, it's a mess.
Is there anything else, Lord, You want me to tell?
Everything He says, He wants documented.
What you're doing is documented in the spirit realm, spoken out for what's coming.
He's cleansing His church.
He's drawing the bride to His side.
Remember the girl with the tutu?
He's bringing the bride to His side from every tribe and every tongue.
It's not just about the Charismatics or the seeker-friendlies.
He's talking about the body.
He's cleansing the body.
He said judgment begins in His house first.
Major cleansing is coming.
It'll be like Tommy Hicks' vision, where the giant rises up and there's no religion.
It's all one body forming one major mouthpiece—that Jesus Christ is coming and every tribe and every tongue.
Hallelujah.
He cares that much for every single one of us.
He cares for the people who were victims in this.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for everything You have in store.
He's such a good God.
He's coming and cleaning His church.
Things are going to look a lot different soon.
He's not up there mad at us.
He's saying, 'We have to get this taken care of because I'm coming back.
' It's not out of lack of mercy; He's out of time.
Hallelujah.
Oh Lord, have mercy.
Lord, have mercy on me.
Now I understand this song.
It all flows together, doesn't it?
Lord, have mercy on me.
He's talking about the bride.
You have to talk to Him.
Lord, have mercy.
We have all sinned and come short of the glory.
It's not just what I'm seeing; it's in every area of life.
First Corinthians 5:5—that's the heartbeat tonight.
He's drawing you to His side.
The gold, the glory, and the girls—taking the glory, messing around with money, or doing wrong with women, men, or even kids.
It's sin.
All have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
The Lord wants to tell you tonight: it's time to repent.
If you're here, I don't want you to expose yourself; that's between you and God.
But I want to tell you tonight, this next little bit of time is what will affect your eternity.
If you've never experienced a relationship with Jesus Christ, if you've never asked Him to be your Lord and personal Savior, or if you are one of these people I'm talking about—the gold, the glory, and the girls—and you know you're in sin, it's time.
You know, you need to repent and turn away from your sin.
You're out of time.
You're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming and he's bringing the church by his side.
For all have sinned and fallen short of glory, and the sin separates us from Him.
You must repent and repent now.
Turn from your sin.
You must ask Jesus Christ to forgive you and cleanse you from all unrighteousness tonight.
Sin is a stench before the Father's nose.
The Bible says, 'Where sin abounds, grace does much more abound.
' His grace is sufficient for you tonight to repent and turn from your wicked ways.
Jesus said it over and over again, 'Go and sin no more, lest the worst thing come upon you.
' Sin no more.
He didn't say live in your sin or stay in your sin.
Well, you know, it's okay, My grace is sufficient for you for that day.
Yeah, it is.
But he didn't say to stay in it.
Well, 'I'm going to live the way I want to live.
' Well, you're in trouble.
He's cleaning his church right now.
He's cleaning the people that are just habitually living the way they want to live.
He wants us to live pure unto him.
He wants us to live holy unto him.
We all mess up, folks.
But we don't deliberately practice this and live this way.
We must turn away from this.
To repent is to turn away from.
So today is your day.
If you're here tonight and you've never made the Lord Jesus Christ your Lord and Savior, if you say, 'Well, I know a lot about him,' that's why I always say it over and over again.
You may know a lot about Jesus, but does he know you?
Tonight's your night; I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
If you're here tonight and you may be backsliding, you may be a preacher and you're watching me and you know you've got hidden stuff going on in your pulpit—you're messing around on your wife, you're messing around on your husband—you may be doing bad with the church finances.
You're spending the money and you're not doing with the designated funds like you should.
You're out spending the money and you go, 'Well, this is designated funds,' and you're doing stuff.
You're in fraud, and if they caught you, you'd spend a long time in jail or prison.
You need to repent and turn away from this and make it right quickly.
Your door of opportunity is closing.
You need to repent and turn from this.
Say, 'Father, as of tonight, I'm making a change.
' I want to say a simple prayer, but tonight's your night for a turnaround.
I want you to confess it, admit it, and quit it, and turn away from it.
Jesus, I want a new clean start tonight.
I've messed up.
I know I was tempted and I fell.
I've never experienced you.
Maybe the other crowd is: I've never been a Christian before, I've never done this.
But Father, either way, I'm coming home tonight.
I want a fresh, clean start.
I've got doors open.
I've messed up.
I've let the devil in and he's wreaking havoc in my life.
But tonight, God, I'm coming to you broken.
I'm coming to you just messed up, and I can't do this anymore.
I can't keep pretending.
I can't keep living this way.
I've opened doors and the devil's just eaten my lunch.
And Father, I repent and I turn from my sins right now.
I ask you to come into my heart.
I ask you to be my Lord and personal Savior.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin.
I turn my back on the open doors.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you with all my heart.
I'm sold out to you again.
I'm coming home.
I need a fresh, clean start.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me.
I ask you to wash me in your blood.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you forevermore.
Father, I'll do whatever it takes to make the wrong right.
I'll make it right.
Forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me.
But, Father, I'll make the wrong right.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus' mighty name.
I thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name tonight in the Lamb's Book of Life to those who have never been saved before.
Thank you, Father, that today's my day for a new day in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
I believe for those that just repented and asked Jesus to forgive you, it's washed in the blood.
But make the wrongs right.
Clean start over tonight.
Don't keep being bad with the church.
Don't keep doing these things.
Don't keep cheating on your wife.
You've got to make this stuff right.
The marriage bed is holy.
You don't defile it.
Men, stop it.
Women, stop it.
Repent and turn.
Tonight's the night for a fresh, clean start.
But you've got to make some wrongs right.
Father, forgive me; I ask you to cleanse me.
But don't keep going back to the dog like its vomit.
That's what I was trying to say; my words are getting jumbled up.
But if you're here and that ministered to you and you just prayed that prayer with me and you just accepted Jesus Christ, I want you to be bold about it in the comment section.
Say, 'Tonight's my night.
I have a fresh clean start.
' You don't have to say what you did, but 'I got a fresh, clean start tonight.
Tonight's my fresh, clean start.
I believe that today is my day for a new day.
Tomorrow's going to be different.
' Comment in the comment section: 'Tonight's my fresh night.
Tonight's a fresh night for me.
' I don't want you to come in there and tell your drama, but I want you to say, 'Tonight's my fresh night.
I have a brand new start today.
Jesus took it all.
' And we want to rejoice with you.
We want to know who's here tonight and feels that tug in your heart.
You repented, and we want to rejoice with you for your decision tonight.
We're not here to shame you.
We're not here to condemn you.
We're here to help pull you out of that ditch and send you on your way and say, 'Listen, you've got what it takes to make this right.
You've got what it takes to walk by faith and not by sight.
You've got what it takes to make your heart right before the Father.
' Jesus is coming, folks.
It's not time to play church anymore.
We don't have time to be playing church.
We've got to come up higher with the fire in these last days, and there's so many people that are walking in compromise because the Lord keeps bringing up, 'Pray for these people.
' So, we just love on you.
We praise God for you.
There's 41 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Braden's saying, 'Praise the Lord.
' Thank the Lord for it.
Amen and amen.
Well, if you're here and you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ and you don't have a Bible, Diana and I would like to give you your first Bible for free.
We love you.
We want to celebrate your decision.
So, if you're here tonight and you never accepted one or don't have a Bible, Diana tell you how to get it.
If you prayed this prayer on this channel and you don't have a Bible, just go on down into the description below and you'll find our email address, and then just put, 'I need a Bible' and your name and address and we will get one to you.
We're so excited.
And we're never going to solicit you; we're not trying to bother you.
We just want to rejoice with you that you gave your heart to Jesus tonight.
And then I want to say this.
I've been getting Christmas candy and things in the mail.
People have been trying to be a blessing and I love every single one of you.
But save your money; I'm not going to eat it.
If you send me something—I got a really expensive package from Dubai today, food items from the Middle East.
It was fruit and whatever.
I've spoken out really bad against the Muslim people and the antichrist.
All that to say, I'm not going to eat that.
I don't know who you are and I don't know if you're trying to poison me or not.
I know there are some good people out there who think, 'I just want to be a blessing to him.
' I'm going to tell you this; I'm going to be polite with you: I will not eat your food.
I have said a lot about a lot, and I don't know who is a friend and who is a foe.
So, do not send me Christmas cookies or candy.
Don't try to send my kids candy, and don't send me fruit from another company saying that you're from Dubai and you love me and you want to give me something.
There are a lot of Muslims in Dubai and we pray for them, but I am not going to take the chance of you trying to poison me or harm my family with your food because I don't know who you are.
I don't want threats or whatever, but I'm not going to give any place for the devil.
So, save your money and bless somebody in your local community with that.
We love you.
I'm trying to be polite about it, but I just want to let you know: please don't send kids' candy, cookies, or food items to my kids or to me.
We're not going to eat it; it's going to go into the garbage.
It's just something I have to do.
We have a lot of people who do not like us, and it's not an offensive thing.
I don't want to keep going over this, but we got a lot of it today in the mail, and I was like, 'I'm not eating this; we can't.
' A lot of love to everyone, but regarding cookies and candies—spoil your grandkids, have fun with them, and bless your family.
We are excited for you and want you to enjoy your family in the Christmas season.
We love Christmas, but food items are off the table.
God bless you, and thank you for joining us tonight.
We appreciate every single one of you.
We love you all so much—all 6,600 of you that are here tonight.
We love it when you come and pray with us.
The Lord has instructed me; He wants me to do some live and some not, and just upload because there are certain things He reveals to me when I get in this prophetic mantle.
When it comes on me, He said, 'I don't want you sharing that with the public anymore.
' I'm surprised this was one that He would talk about.
He said there would be days that I record off-camera and off live stream that we will just upload later.
Braden can edit it, and I'm keeping it for my records.
There are certain things now He does not want out; He wants me just to have them.
I pray over it and I'm able to filter it and give it to you in a way that you don't know what I'm saying sometimes.
But I'm just letting you all know that's why we're not doing live every single day.
We're uploading things and trying to figure out what the Holy Spirit is telling us to do.
We're doing this at least three times a week because I told the Lord I'm going to do three times a week right now, and I'm trying to figure out what He's wanting me to do.
But I'm trying to upload every day.
Does that make sense?
Everybody asks, 'Is this live?
' and I'm like, 'No, it's not live.
' It's a fresh video for you.
We'll be doing regular videos and lives.
This is our live stream and it's really late at night; it was almost three hours for you.
I can't believe that.
The time goes so fast for us.
You can drive to Texas in that time; if you had a road trip, you could go a long way in three hours.
You could go to Branson, Missouri.
So, God bless you all.
We love you.
Remember, we'll see you again soon.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you all.
Have a great night.
Bye-bye.